The prestigious school that turned
out many heroes, U.A. High School.
Enrolled in their hero course,
I continue to run toward my dream,
standing up to any difficulties
and saving people with a smile...
...in order to become the greatest hero!
--Smash!
--Come, it's time for our counterattack!
Let's overturn this flow of events, heroes!
"Pro Hero - Gran Torino - Quirk: Jet"
"Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All"
"Pro Hero - Kamui Woods - Quirk: Arbor"
Where is he right now?
Shigaraki!
I hate you!
"Villain - Tomura Shigaraki - Quirk: Decay"
Nomus?!
They came from nowhere!
What is that?!
They just keep coming!
What the--?!
Young Bakugo!
Noooo!
Endeavor, we need backup!
What?!
Toshinori, these guys...
They shouldn't have been able to warp...
They're dealing with this too quickly...!
Don't tell me they're going to use this...?!
It's fine now. I'm here for you.
Master...
Oh, no!
Everyone's going to be taken away!
Damn it!
Take me with you, Shigaraki!
I-I'm sorry, everyone!
It wasn't your fault!
We were also unable to do anything!
We thought Kurogiri's Warp
was more like teleportation
"Pro Hero - Edgeshot - Quirk: Foldabody"
rather than one that opened a path in space.
All Might!
Oklahoma Smash!
That was an energetic way of breaking things!
I can't help it! Focus on the villains!
You monsters...
"Pro Hero - Endeavor - Quirk: Hellflame"
These guys...
Did they come from over there?
"Police Officer - Naomasa Tsukauchi"
I can't get a hold of Jeanist and the others!
It's possible that we failed
on the Nomu factory side!
What a mess!
Endeavor!
Huh?
Are you all right?
What're you looking at
to ask a question like that?
Even though you're at the top,
will you need bifocals soon?
If you're gonna go, then hurry up and go!
Yeah. I'll leave it to you.
"Symbol of Peace"
"Pro Hero - Mt. Lady - Quirk: Gigantification"
"Pro Hero - Gang Orca"
"Pro Hero - Tiger - Quirk: Pliabody"
As expected of the number
four hero, Best Jeanist.
"Pro Hero - Best Jeanist - Quirk: Fiber Master"
I thought I'd blown everyone away.
To be able to manipulate everyone's clothes
and pull them to the side in an instant--
That quick decision-making... and skill...
You must have nerves of steel.
This man...
The League likely...
no, definitely has a brain behind it.
And his strength is comparable to All Might's.
Despite that, he's crafty and cautious.
If he doesn't feel like his safety is
guaranteed, he will not show himself.
This time, I'd like to take care of Shigaraki
and the others' capture and arrest
as quickly as possible.
This isn't what I was told...
But so what...?
A top hero...
...doesn't use that as an excuse for failure--
I see...
This is strength from a huge amount
of practice and practical experience.
I don't need yours...
It's a Quirk that doesn't go
with Tomura's disposition.
"Villain - All For One - Quirk: All For One"
What's with this guy?
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
What just happened?
"Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening"
He erased them all in an instant!
"Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine"       "Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation"
We must run...!
I know this, but...
I'm so scared, my body...
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
...my body...
...won't move...
What... in the world... was that...?!
Damn it...
...the hell...?!
Kacchan!
Bakugo!
Sorry, Bakugo.
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
Huh?!
"Villain - Spinner"
"Villain - Himiko Toga"
What the--?
Something stinks!
"Villain - Twice"
Smells good!
Master...
You failed again, huh, Tomura?
But do not be discouraged.
Just try again.
I have brought your associates back as well.
Even this child.
Because you judged that
he was an important piece.
Do it over as many times as you need to.
That is why I am here.
It's all for you.
Remember!
Why did you come here?
It's because your body wouldn't move
back then, so you couldn't save him, right?
To say you can't move because you're scared...
He's right in front of you, you know.
He shouldn't have noticed us yet.
If he had, he wouldn't have spoken so freely.
There are six or seven meters
between us and Kacchan, huh?
With Full Cowl, I can get there
in less than a second.
After that, can I get away? Where would I go?
Everyone else will be in danger.
How can I... I need a plan... so everyone...
Anyway, I need to move!
If I can't move here...
...then it's all--
I will...
...protect you!
Think!
How can we...
...get away from here!
You're here, after all, aren't you...?
I'll have you return everything,
All For One!
Will you kill me again, All Might?
"All Might"
"Quirk: One For All"
"Smashes villains with a super power
passed down from one generation to the next."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class Teacher"
"Birthday: 6/10"
"Height: 220 cm" "Blood Type: A" "Likes: Yakushima Cedar"
"All For One"
"Quirk: All For One"
"He can steal the Quirks of others
for himself or give them to others."
"Affiliation: Unknown"
"Birthday: Unknown"
"Height: Unknown" "Blood Type: B" "Likes: Unknown"
I'll have you return everything,
All For One!
Will you kill me again, All Might?
E-Even All Might...!
You're pretty late.
It's a little more than
five kilometers from the bar to here.
It was easily thirty seconds after
I sent the Nomus before you arrived.
You've gotten weaker, All Might.
What about you? What's with
that industrial mask you've got on?
Aren't you overexerting yourself?
He held All Might back with his bare hands!
This guy's the villains' boss!
I won't make the same mistake
as I did six years ago,
All For One!
I will take Young Bakugo back!
And this time,
I will throw you in prison for sure!
And all of the League of Villains
you control with you!
There's so much to do. It'll be tough...
...for both of us.
Air Cannon plus Springlike Limbs,
Kinetic Booster times four,
Strength Enhancer times three.
This combination is fun.
Maybe I'll try to add a
few more enhancer-types.
All Might!
Even without your worry,
he won't die from something like that.
So run away from here, Tomura,
and take that child with you.
"Villain - Kurogiri - Quirk: Warp Gate"
Kurogiri, get everyone away from here.
Hey, wait! He was defeated
and is now unconscious!
"Villain - Magne"
I'm not sure what's going on, but if you
can use Warp, then you should get us away!
I just got mine, Magne.
On top of only being able
to transport short distances,
unlike his coordinate transport,
I can only bring people to me or away from me,
and I can only send them away
to someone I am very familiar with.
So I'll have Kurogiri do it.
Forcible Quirk Activation!
Now, go!
What about you...?
Think constantly, Tomura.
You still have much more room to grow!
I won't let you get away!
Master...
Let's go, Shigaraki!
While that pipe mask is holding All Might back!
"Villain - Mr. Compress"
Get your piece!
What a pain...!
Young Bakugo!
All Might!
All For One's in the way,
so he can't save Kacchan!
The League is trying to escape
in that opening with Kacchan!
Kacchan's also surrounded
and can't run himself!
These guys are in crisis mode, too!
Unlike earlier, they'll drag me
with them even if it's by force.
Six against one...
Anyway, I can't let that
damn mask lay a finger on me!
I'm going now!
I won't let you.
That's why I'm here!
All Might and Kacchan are in such trouble...
But...
For uncertified individuals
to cause injury with their Quirks
without specific instruction
from their guardians or supervisors
is a clear violation of the rules.
I'm frustrated, too.
But, this isn't a situation
where we should act on our emotions.
...if you'll break the rules...
Those acts are the same as those of villains.
Why did it have to be you guys of all people?!
Why are you trying
to make the same mistake I did?!
"Nezu" "Eraser Head" "Vlad King"
We are...
We are not allowed to fight!
At least... where is there an opening?
Just an instant is enough!
Is there any way we can save Kacchan?
If we save Kacchan, then All Might
can use his power to the fullest!
Where?
Where is that route...?
No.
This won't work.
There has to be one...
An opening!
Iida, everyone!
You can't, Midoriya!
No, there's a way!
A way that won't involve fighting
that will let us leave this place,
but still save Kacchan!
Let's hear it.
But this plan also depends on Kacchan...
Don't come, Deku!
I think Bakugo will feel humiliated
that he had to be saved by everyone...
I don't think my plan will succeed if I do it.
That's why, Kirishima, you're
the key to increasing the success rate!
Give us more details, Midoriya.
Right.
This is my plan.
Are you saving your strength?
To keep the boy from
getting caught up in this?
It's rough, isn't it?
To be these creatures called "heroes."
Young Bakugo...!
It's hard for All Might
to fight because I'm here!
Damn it!
That's your plan?
Kacchan should also realize
the situation All Might is in.
Yeah.
Kacchan's on guard against
the enemy, fighting from a distance.
We need to do this at a time when Kacchan
is a certain distance away from the enemy.
Iida...
It's a gamble, but considering the situation,
there isn't much risk to us.
More importantly, if we succeed,
it'll change the tide of the fight for the better.
Let's do it.
This is my plan.
First, we'll propel ourselves
with my Quirk and Iida's Recipro.
Then, with Kirishima's Hardening...
...we'll break through the wall!
The second it opens up, I want
Todoroki to make a path of ice for us--
One that'll go as high as possible.
The villains haven't noticed us yet!
The villains have outmaneuvered us until now,
but now we're in a position to outmaneuver them.
And we'll cross the battlefield
at a height they can't reach.
The villains' boss is holding All Might back.
That means that the reverse is also true!
So then, it's up to you, Kirishima.
It's no good if I do it.
Or Todoroki, or Iida, or Yaoyorozu...
Ever since school started,
you built an equal relationship with Kacchan...
If you, his friend, called him...
Come!
...then I'm sure!
You stupid or something?
What?!
Bakugo, on my mark, create a blast--
You match my mark!
Don't fight at a time like this!
Just as we thought!
Their eyes are locked on them.
This is our chance. Let's go!
Right!
You show up everywhere!
Seriously?
Jeez!
Don't let them get away!
Where are the long distance fighters?
Dabi and Kurogiri! They're both down!
You two, get close!
"Magne - Quirk: Magnetism"
Magne. Quirk: Magnetism!
It's the ability to give a magnetic force
to anyone within a 4.5-meter radius!
It's possible to adjust to whether it's
on the whole body or just a body part!
Men become south poles
and women become north poles!
You can't make yourself magnetic, though!
Here I go!
Repulsion Breakup...
Moonlight Flit Cannon!
Titan Cliff!
Mt. Lady!
Prioritize... the rescue...!
Go... stupid kids...!
We can still make it!
Let's do it agai--
Gran Torino!
You're too slow!
You're too fast!
Hey, that Midoriya's really turning
out to be more and more like you.
In a bad way!
After that experience at Hosu,
I didn't think he would come to the battlefield.
Teenagers...!
Shimura's friend, huh?
It's shameful, but with this,
I can defeat you without reserve!
All For One!
We've got two left here, too!
I'll end this!
Tomura, I don't want this to end!
They got us.
They neatly turned
the tables on us in one move.
Forcible Quirk Activation!
Magnetism!
Turn to dust!
Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh?!
Wait, if you come at me that fast...!
Wait, don't, Master!
I won't let you escape!
With that body, you'll...
No!
No one came to save you, huh?
It must've been hard, huh, Tenko Shimura?
It's fine. I'm here for you.
I'm... not...
Tomura...
You must keep fighting.
"Warping"...
Plus "Shock Inversion"!
I-I'm sorry!
I only came to save Tomura,
but if you say you're
going to fight, then I will, too.
In the past, that fist crushed
one after another of my comrades,
and you were extolled as the Symbol of Peace.
The view you had from atop our sacrifices...
It must have been a great one.
Detroit...
...Smash!
He forcibly negated it, huh?
I won't let you fight without reserve, though.
Heroes have a lot of things
they need to protect, don't they?
Shut up...
You always toy with people like that!
You break them! Steal from them!
Take advantage of them and control them!
Scoffing irrationally at the people
just trying to live their lives!
I cannot...
Oh no... time for Warping...
...forgive that!
Toshinori...
You've reached your limit...!
What's wrong?
You seem to be very worked up
about something, All Might.
I heard the same line before...
from the previous One For All successor...
Nana Shimura.
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
The secret All Might was
hiding has been brought to light.
Even so, he continues
to fight against great evil.
Next time, "One For All."
"Next time: One For All"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!